Gwenevere Abriel: Second session portion with Joshua Lopez.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Joshua Lopez: Alrighty, so sorry.
Joshua Lopez: Just sorry
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all right. It's just nice to see a smile on your face.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, definitely, definitely feeling a lot better than the other day, for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing. Where is your mind been drifting off to what are you doing to manage that that restless mind. What are you doing,
Joshua Lopez: I'm just
Joshua Lopez: Getting myself excited for the future.
Joshua Lopez: Don't know what it has in store for me, but I just
Joshua Lopez: Do feel like it's got something in store for me, you know,
Joshua Lopez: believe in karma and don't i don't think I'm a person who deserves bad karma, you know,
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, then I do silly things like I read my daily horoscope I have an app on my phone. That gives me daily horoscopes and it's silly, but it also has like a tarot card reader.
Joshua Lopez: I don't know how much you buy into that stuff. But I noticed the past couple of days. It's kind of full different cards, but at the same message. It's changes coming. It can be rough. It can be hard, but the sooner you embrace it. The sooner, things will get better for you, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's amazing.
Joshua Lopez: Another one I pulled today was. It was called yet the card and it doesn't mean literal death. It just means
Joshua Lopez: A Death of
Joshua Lopez: Like an old situation and old relationship and it just same message, the sooner the sooner I can accept it. The sooner alter I'll return to a satisfying satisfying life and
Joshua Lopez: Try to try to see the
Joshua Lopez: The inside in that
Joshua Lopez: I apologize traffic is loud. I don't have an AC. So my windows are a little down
Gwenevere Abriel: For okay you don't do this very often, in fact, maybe once right so not very often, that's just fine. You're just fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. So what I'm hearing is
Gwenevere Abriel: Positive thought process its future oriented and I see you have your kids. So I want to ask you a question, but I'm not going to do it in front of your kids. Okay, I'll wait till you have some privacy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh wait till you're in private to ask
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple clinical questions.
Joshua Lopez: Just to see your kids. Gotcha. I'm probably like two minutes away from the house, I would have been there sooner but the
Joshua Lopez: People where I order food from forgot half of my order and I did I was halfway home and I
Joshua Lopez: Turned around because
Man.
Joshua Lopez: Like $15 worth of stuff that they forgot to give me so
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's do this. Do you hand. And this might not be good timing. But if it is we could do this on the front end of the session, while you're around your kiddos. And I would like to meet with you again next week. Do you have a sense of which days are off.
Joshua Lopez: My days off was supposed to be today and tomorrow, but they sprung up a training on me, so I don't get tomorrow off pitches.
Joshua Lopez: Pretty not upsetting just it kind of some kind of sucks because I just worked a three day stretch. I suppose that my two days off. And instead, I get one day off. And it's another three day stretch
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, which
Joshua Lopez: doesn't usually happen to me but it happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Joshua Lopez: At least I get paid for it.
Joshua Lopez: And they're
Joshua Lopez: Going to spoil us with breakfast, lunch,
Gwenevere Abriel: So I definitely at a minimum, want to meet with you weekly for just the next two, three weeks just to make sure what you're talking about is really settled in that you've absorbed, what we're talking about right now and that there's no backslide
Gwenevere Abriel: So now I can, I can meet with you. I can't tell if you're off this Thursday or Friday. My guess is you're working these next few days. Is that right, you're working all the way to Sunday.
Joshua Lopez: Yes, I'm probably I'm supposed to only be working Wednesday, Thursday, but if they sync up the training on Tuesday. So I'll have off, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, then I'm back to my long week
Joshua Lopez: I could let you know if they let me off this Thursday I did put in for PTO just because I lost a day with the kids. So I put in for time off Thursday I don't know yet if I got that day off. Yeah, just because I wanted to spend time with them. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can see that. So I'm thinking what would just tell me if this would work. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of booking people before and after a training. I'm having on Friday and Saturday, would you be free at 310 on a fun this coming Friday. Just to follow up.
Joshua Lopez: Three fan this coming Friday I should be I should be
Joshua Lopez: should definitely be the free
Joshua Lopez: The only thing I got going Fridays, the kiddos are with me.
Joshua Lopez: And I just
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you don't want to pull from time at them, right.
Joshua Lopez: Um, preferably not, but I do believe that what we're talking about lately is been really helpful and meaningful.
Joshua Lopez: Definitely has your little text messages the past couple days were really enlightening.
Joshua Lopez: You say, How's your knee.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you taught me that it was just having someone kind of care about what's going on for you, right. So then I thought, well, let's make sure we check in. So I'm glad that work that's that's its intent.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so glad, so I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: So long week. So next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think you might be off one of those days next week. Just curious. Looking to next week when
Gwenevere Abriel: My
Joshua Lopez: My days off next week will be wednesday thursday
Gwenevere Abriel: So how about for sure, let's put in for
Gwenevere Abriel: 110 on
Gwenevere Abriel: June 10
Gwenevere Abriel: For sure. X Wednesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: June 10 at 110
Joshua Lopez: Okay.
Joshua Lopez: You heard it.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, that dog was barking. I heard her Wednesday something 10
Gwenevere Abriel: I that's that's just fine. I'm going to actually, it's okay. You're doing good. I'm going to just going to share the screen and then you can write this down.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's 610
Gwenevere Abriel: At 1:10pm Mountain Standard Time like that. Can you see that
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if I can make. Okay, let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's June 10
Gwenevere Abriel: At
Gwenevere Abriel: 1:10pm. And then what I wanted you to pencil in if we can do it if you can pull away from I want to have something in place for 310 this coming Friday in case you have any
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of those feelings that we were talking about before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Now, are you able to talk freely now.
Joshua Lopez: Yes, I'm just gonna, like, real quick. I'm just going to get my son, his food out and drink soda.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go ahead.
Joshua Lopez: Sit down.
Joshua Lopez: Here you go.
Joshua Lopez: Daddy.
Joshua Lopez: I didn't know what you wanted on it. So I just
Joshua Lopez: Need you to stay here and
Joshua Lopez: That's yours, buddy.
Joshua Lopez: One thing.
Joshua Lopez: We're going to my room. You guys got this
Joshua Lopez: Thing.
Joshua Lopez: Okay.
Joshua Lopez: I'm so sorry. This is not how my day was planned out
Joshua Lopez: I got a pretty. I mean this for me sleeping in was like 730 this morning and no so good, especially after three days stretch
Joshua Lopez: I'm exhausted by Sunday when I have those long stretches, you know, probably, and a half hours I'm working properly for work at 37 and a half hours previous
Joshua Lopez: To that
Joshua Lopez: That Sunday I am exhausted. I am one of my pet peeves when I get home from work. The first thing I do a shower. Yesterday I got home and I just
Joshua Lopez: brought myself on the couch. I'm so tired that I actually ordered doordash to deliver food to us.
Joshua Lopez: I fell asleep before you got here. My daughter woke me up and was like, Dad. Where's the food. And I was like, I'm they're supposed to bring it, you know, and
Joshua Lopez: Sure enough, like, five minutes later they got here, I ate, and I fell asleep on the floor. Watching TV with the kids and I was exhausted yesterday. So, this morning I got up 730 took the shower that I need is clean the house, then just kind of, kind of just
Joshua Lopez: Was lazy for about an hour. Then I. This was like, I'm hungry, I was pretty hungry so I ordered us food and I just my timing was horrible. Today I do apologize.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so okay it's just fine. So let's move into other things so fine you know you can nibble have a little something to eat and
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to know if you've had any any after we met, did you continue to have suicidal ideation. Any thoughts or plans of following it through. What's that been like over the last few days.
Joshua Lopez: Um, was with a little sad right after we met. I did feel I did feel a lot better after we met.
Joshua Lopez: I don't think I realized
Joshua Lopez: The severity of that thought those thoughts until I saw your concern.
Joshua Lopez: Meeting with Dr. Aubrey our she kind of just like I see it in her face and her tone, just the concern there as well. And it just kind of made me made me like think about it, you know, just like you know, not in a bad way. Think about it, but more of
Joshua Lopez: You know, it made me realize the severity of it, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's not. It's one of those
Gwenevere Abriel: symptoms of depression, much like self injury. Some people cut themselves or burn themselves or some people start to want to kill someone else. Those are things that
Gwenevere Abriel: We really have to slow down and make sure we're taking care of our clients and make sure because that's not normal range stuff that's we've done outside of
Gwenevere Abriel: The typical spectrum of anger, depression, sad, we kind of we move and move in there for a while, we can call it grief, that's fine, you're grieving the loss.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of an expectation of a particular relationship and it makes sense that you would have some spare but getting to the point where you want to take your own life that takes more assertive intervention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Than just validation. So I'm glad you heard that in my tone and my making sure you saw the doctor right away. He saw the urgency and then you snapped right and tell me more about what you realized that's at stake.
Joshua Lopez: Just
Joshua Lopez: How serious, it seemed, you know, like we don't have don't have a lot of people that could probably pick up on something like that. If I saw them on a daily basis. They might notice
Joshua Lopez: That I'm drowning, or you know that I was kind of floundering
Joshua Lopez: So just actually saying it out loud. It was probably the first time I've ever said that out loud, and it just
Joshua Lopez: You know, just sharing something that
Joshua Lopez: That surreal. You know, it just
Joshua Lopez: Men like I said just just seeing your doc Rob reality reaction kind of made me
Joshua Lopez: It made me snap to the severity of it just
Joshua Lopez: You know,
Joshua Lopez: And since then, I do notice the medication that she prescribed is one that I was already on for smoking.
Joshua Lopez: It was called a light or mild antidepressant and it was supposed to help with smoking, but she told me to take that for a week and then I can double the dose and it'll be more of an anti depressant because I kind of got lazy with taking it and I hadn't taken it.
Joshua Lopez: So the past few days that I've taken it. I've noticed that
Joshua Lopez: When I do get really down in sad. It's not as long, it's
Joshua Lopez: Okay, you know what I mean, it's
You
Joshua Lopez: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: It moves in and and it passes.
Gwenevere Abriel: The intensity, duration is going down.
Joshua Lopez: Yes. Yes. Where is prior. It was once I fell down that path that was so hard to dig myself out of it. Whereas now, it's like hits me I'm sad and then
Joshua Lopez: Five minutes later, I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, so the duration of the despair last about five minutes. Now I had invited you to go on a particular type of detox to abstain from some particular behavior to remember what that was.
Joshua Lopez: Face at the moment, no. You say,
Joshua Lopez: What was that Facebook. Oh, um,
Joshua Lopez: I do, I do get on there just to see certain things. I don't get tempted to look at her profile or anything I mainly do it because I
Joshua Lopez: Just feel alone, sometimes and seeing what people pose to have my cousin's on there.
Joshua Lopez: You know, they'll have pictures of their kids are, you know, they mean and I just put a like my cousin Marisa has a really cute baby you know put, like, oh, she's precious and to text back and just little things like that. I haven't really wild on there or
Joshua Lopez: been tempted to look at anything else.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to throw something out and it's probably going to make you a little uncomfortable, but I want to see.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can sit with it, just to even entertain the idea. So thinking about how
Gwenevere Abriel: In recovery. One of the first things that we asked, right, is we say, change the people change the places, change the things. If it's not nearby. And when I do have the thought. I won't have it right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be a fraction of a second away. No, it won't be in the house and won't be in my neighborhood. It won't be my cell phone. I won't be hanging out with those people not already going, I don't drive down that same street.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything about people, places and things has changed, which should make
Gwenevere Abriel: Resisting the impulse to go get a pill right that much easier because it's not right there, which means we have time to think it through. And think about the consequences.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to throw something at you. That would be paralleling what that is and that is much like I invite clients to call
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell their connect. Hey, stop offering me pills. Don't call me ever again lose my number.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in fact, I might even change my phone number, all together. That's hardcore that's taking recovery quite seriously, I'm done. That's severing the ties. So this would be a parallel to that. And that would be, Hey, Jacqueline, can you unfriend me
Joshua Lopez: Um, we've never been friends on Facebook.
Gwenevere Abriel: So she shares publicly. And so you just breeze across it. Is that right,
Joshua Lopez: Um, honestly, it was private
Joshua Lopez: It was private for the longest time and that particular day, I just saw a new picture of her and I clicked on it. And notice, it was actually not a private anymore and that's when I
Joshua Lopez: Had to curiosity got the best of me.
Joshua Lopez: And I started to
Joshua Lopez: Started to browse through it and I shouldn't have.
Joshua Lopez: But I guess what I could do
Joshua Lopez: Stupid truck is now I'm what I could do is
Joshua Lopez: You know how you get suggested friends on there.
Joshua Lopez: And you do have an option to remove them as a suggested friend. Yes. What I could do the next time I see I can remove. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do. And not only that, notice what comes up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were to
Gwenevere Abriel: Be proactive with that and say, I just don't want to know. I'd either block me unfriend whatever you need to do. I it's I've got to get over you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, that's the truth of it. I mean, she knows right it's your you're in process. There's no mystery here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't need the notice you said the curiosity got the best of me. Well, that was the other day. There's no reason to think another thing might come rolling through. And guess what, here we are again.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we want to minimize that the chocolates, not in the cupboard. We don't want it there. We want it left at the store. Leave it don't buy it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And even if you say to yourself for a little while. I want to go back, you know, once I kind of move through this grief process. And I want to be able to share
Gwenevere Abriel: Because other family members and this and that. And the kids and we want to have an even flow. But for now, it's too much. I don't want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So my saying I'd like to know what's going on for you as an even entertaining bringing up the idea of you kind of severing connection even further. What, what are you thinking about what's happening for you.
I'm
Joshua Lopez: I'm a little like I want to remove her from the suggested friends, but I also don't want to see that picture of her
Joshua Lopez: So you know what I mean, like it's gotten to the point where I get on Facebook and the suggestive friends pop up and i don't i don't scroll left to see if she's there are not in it. I mean, I just, I see the suggested friends and I, right away, swipe up. So I don't see
Gwenevere Abriel: An ad. Oh.
Joshua Lopez: So remember, I would have to actively look for her.
Joshua Lopez: Profile, so I can remove it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or your friend could do it.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you could have the phone. Say, listen, this just because it's going to piss me off, you know, however you talk to your friend just going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Be heartbroken. Again, I don't know how you talk to them, say, hey, just try it. Let's unfriend this the and let's okay because then you're not in it. But then you've you've made an actual manifestation of what you're talking about. It's an actual movement towards that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You made real what was just philosophical in your head. You're making it real.
Gwenevere Abriel: So give it something I'm you do what you're going to do, but it's just out there, something to consider. Which means you're closing an exit. That's what that is it's closing the exit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your closing the door to that chapter or closing the book or flipping the page that chapter just stick with the same metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so tell me, tell me more about what you notice, while you're at work and looking at people. What you noticed
Joshua Lopez: I'm
Joshua Lopez: At work, it just kinda just grind through my day.
Joshua Lopez: I try to stay as busy as I can.
Joshua Lopez: There's times where I could just chill out in the control room because we have to watch our equipment or screen.
Joshua Lopez: But rather than do that, I tried to find something else to do.
Joshua Lopez: Yesterday packaging.
Joshua Lopez: Went down and I don't know if I described too much to you about my job, but I'm in
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, I don't know what you're doing.
Joshua Lopez: I'm in processing so i i i run what they call slurry.
Joshua Lopez: Twin screw is also processing and they make like the dough. They have
Joshua Lopez: It's literally like this giant screw that pushes the dough through and it cuts it into the sheet of material we need
Joshua Lopez: And then it comes
Joshua Lopez: To me where I make slurry, which is a combination of different things. It's
Joshua Lopez: Like for instance, if I'm doing receive PCs cereal, the receipt puffs.
Joshua Lopez: All all in my slurry makeup kettle. I will dump like 200 pounds of cocoa sweetener.
Joshua Lopez: Salt, all that stuff. And then it goes into a kettle were both ingredients are added like canola oil and stuff. And it makes what they call the slurry.
Joshua Lopez: And then I also have vitamin kettles where I make these big batches of vitamins and that all gets transferred through a line into what we call an introvert, like a giant barrel that flips the cereal and it coated with the slurry the vitamins, all that stuff.
Joshua Lopez: For me, it goes into packaging where they put it in boxes bags, whatever.
Joshua Lopez: But yesterday packaging went down which shut me down which twins crew down so we are down in there's no town. And how long were down for most guys are just gonna
Joshua Lopez: Kind of be lazy and be like, wow, we're down you know me, I, I still have a trainer, but he cut the training wheels off like week two. He's like, I'm confident in you, you know, I'm here. If you need me.
Joshua Lopez: But you're, you're basically on your own, you know, but I'm always here if you need it. And yesterday I hunted him down and was like a man. We're down
Joshua Lopez: Is there some work orders that I could do
Joshua Lopez: And work orders are kind of like preventive maintenance or things that, like people notice were broken or damaged and when your systems down, you have an opportunity to work on these things.
Joshua Lopez: And that's what I immediately did. I was like, hey man, we're down there. Some work orders. I can do to stay busy. I don't want to go idle. I don't want to
Joshua Lopez: Get tired. I'll get lazy. I just, you know what I mean. So he printed me up a few work orders and one of them was a little more than I can handle it was a
Joshua Lopez: Little advance you know it called for somebody who knew the equipment, a little better. But I did my best and it occupied about four hours of my day and they kept me busy. So I just try to stay busy.
Joshua Lopez: I tried to keep my mind from going idle and when I get home. I tried to get excited about coming home, even if my kids aren't here, I just
Joshua Lopez: Hey, you got a nice house, you can afford to eat whatever the heck you want, what are you going to get for dinner tonight you know cuz
Joshua Lopez: I'm trying to look on the bright side of things. I'm not saying I'm making great tons of money but I make enough to be comfortable, you know, and I'm noticing it the other day splurged and bought me some sunglasses.
Joshua Lopez: And I'm excited about those coming in.
Joshua Lopez: You know, it's pretty cool. It just, I never I had been a while since I had the means to do stuff like this, you know, I was
Joshua Lopez: I needed to get off my ass.
Joshua Lopez: And it just, it feels good lately I'm noticing focusing on that, hey, you have the money to buy this or you have the money to do this or you you know to mean it's just
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, it just that that's kind of where I've been at, like I said, just trying to be excited about the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. That's the key, the things you're talking about which are
Gwenevere Abriel: Developing the relationship with this male friend of yours, spending time staying busy right and you fantasy sort of in this future oriented itself like giving imagining letting yourself. Imagine so that part getting excited about the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me a little bit of what is possible in your imagination, what is possible. What's a great thing that could happen.
Joshua Lopez: Um,
Joshua Lopez: I knew bill goal, like a new car. I got showing you
Joshua Lopez: When I was talking to you in the car I'm roasting. There's no AC and
Joshua Lopez: I'm dying. So like a new car excites me
Joshua Lopez: Another thing that I didn't really think about to the other day was I've been trying these dating apps. And I kind of got discouraged. I haven't really really met anybody and then you were like, whoa printed up a sign that you're not ready.
Joshua Lopez: To need to be a sign that the universe is telling you, you know, this and that and then it made me think like there's a possibility I could meet somebody that I'm attracted to that I can you know what i mean that I can
Joshua Lopez: appreciate them and they can appreciate me and there's no lies. There's no secrets. There's no
Joshua Lopez: You know,
Joshua Lopez: So that kind of excited me and then like
Joshua Lopez: this coming Thursday. I'm hoping I get that PTO so that way I can have time to rest because one day off and then three days on again will be rough for like Thursday. I'm looking forward to Thursday my bills will have been paid and
Joshua Lopez: Things are slowly opening. I wanted to take the kids out and just
Joshua Lopez: Buy him something nice. It's been a while since I treated them to something I'm definitely treated myself to a really nice pair of sunglasses that
Joshua Lopez: On a treat them to something and just being excited that I can do that without hurting anybody without borrowing without, you know what I mean. I didn't have to lie, cheat or steal to do it, you know, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And so
Gwenevere Abriel: If I were to put a I mean do you want this new vehicle is that front and center so that I could even write a goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you could update me each month telling me how much you have saved because I wonder about you. Sometimes if it's
Gwenevere Abriel: really tempting to just give your kid stuff versus getting that new vehicle and I will. I don't really know only, you know, but is it possible that, I mean, you tell me how great are you at saving is this one of those areas that there's some some challenges.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you froze up hopefully I'll be back. Well, yeah, we got to say 20 $300
Gwenevere Abriel: Client will save money each paycheck and here for, as evidenced by self report.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's achieved already have that one increase self confidence.
Joshua Lopez: So, sorry about that.
Joshua Lopez: Data. So when I got home, I didn't switch to my wife, I
Joshua Lopez: And in the middle of that conversation, my data ran out and you switched to my Wi Fi and it like throws you and
Joshua Lopez: So I thought the quickest solution where to be to leave in to rejoin
Gwenevere Abriel: Not a problem. I deal with this all day long. No worries. So my question was whether
Gwenevere Abriel: Much like what you did with your apartment. We could do the same thing with the vehicle were kind of in the back of your mind, you'll no one's going to ask me how I'm doing
Gwenevere Abriel: So I could go buy this throwaway toy for my child. But instead, I'm going to take this, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: $75 and I'm going to put it in the savings which is going to get us a vehicle, right, which is probably also going to be connected to dating to
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it's all connected. You know, then you have a comfortable environment for your kids as well. So you tell me I will all stop typing. If it's not something you want to do, though, if it's not a real goal that you want me to check in on. Oh.
Absolutely.
Joshua Lopez: I've kind of had this in the back of my head like, once I got my furniture. Once I spoil myself a little bit, you know, like
Joshua Lopez: I had been wanting pair of glasses. I've been wanting a little cologne. A nice, you know, nice cologne.
Joshua Lopez: Then I wanted to just spoil the kid just a little bit and I had this in the back of my head like after, after I get all my furniture. After I buy these little things in life that I've been wanting to do
Joshua Lopez: That I'm going to set a goal, like maybe two to three months to see, but as much as I possibly can.
Joshua Lopez: And hopefully by then the little steps that I've taken to better my credit. Hopefully by demo of it, you know, to me, because I'm also we we talked about this in the past.
Joshua Lopez: So I'm hoping that once my credit goes up a little bit. Plus, I want to see at least three to $4,000 in about three to four months, which is very doable.
Joshua Lopez: So that way, if I look at like a car going for 12 grand if I have I have 4500 to put down
Joshua Lopez: It's going to be a little easier to get approved because now you know what i mean the the blue book value and what I owe you know what I'm saying. Even if I didn't make a payment that repo it they're still not losing money. You know what I'm saying.
Joshua Lopez: So I definitely wanted to do something like that. One of the things that
Joshua Lopez: I kind of comes up when I think about that is
Joshua Lopez: I pretty sure I told you.
Joshua Lopez: Early on in the separation. I let Jacqueline borrow the truck was be for three weeks ended up being three months, I got the truck back with no title.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah. So one of the things that comes up is, you know, if I'm able to save four grand, I would like to have my title so that way I could trade it in and that can also be like an extra thousand dollars down towards the new car, but I also don't wanna I
Joshua Lopez: Don't want to ask her about it because I already know it's going to lead to a fight, it's going to
Joshua Lopez: Be my fault, somehow, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Deal with that later. You've got four months. Okay, that's $1,000 a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Realistically, can you talk away $500 every two weeks.
Joshua Lopez: I think
Joshua Lopez: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um, now what let's get ahead of what looks like you got connection challenge again.
Actually 565 6363